[DIANA CRYING]
[DIANA STILL CRYING]
[GURGLING]
♪ EVERYBODY WANTS TO LIVE ♪
♪ LIKE THEY WANNA LIVE ♪
♪ AND EVERYBODY
WANTS TO LOVE ♪
♪ LIKE THEY WANNA LOVE ♪
♪ EVERYBODY WANTS TO BE ♪
♪ CLOSER TO FREE-EE-EE ♪
♪ CLOSER TO FREE ♪
KEEP YOUR MONEY.
I MADE MY OWN LUNCH.
YOURS, TOO.
WHERE IS DAPHNE?I DON'T KNOW, CHARLIE.
IN 2 MINUTES, I HAVE
TO BE IN THE TRUCK
TO PICK UP OWEN.
SHE'S SUPPOSED TO BE HERE
TO TAKE DIANA.
WELL, I CAN WATCH DIANA.
YOU ARE NOT GOING TO MISS
YOUR FIRST DAY BACK AT GRANT
TO BABY-SIT.
SHE'S GOT TO BE HERE.
I CANNOT BE LATE
FOR WORK AGAIN.
YOU COULD CALL KIRSTEN.NO, I CAN'T.
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN.
STUFF SOME EXTRA DIAPERS
INTO MY BAG.
I'M JUST GOING TO TAKE HER
TO WORK WITH ME.
MAYBE WE'LL SEE DAPHNE
ON THE WAY OUT.
LET'S NOT BET ON IT.
OK, SOMETHING
TO EAT FOR YOU, LUNCH.
HEY...THE HANDSOMEST
SALINGER ON RECORD.
HEY, WATCH IT.
THE HANDSOMEST IS YOU.
[CHUCKLES]
OK.
WE HAD A GOOD TIME, HUH?
WHAT WAS THE MOST FUN
YOU THINK,
THE WATERWORKS MOUNTAIN
OR THE EXPLORATORIUM?
I DON'T KNOW, BOTH.
COME HERE.
WELL, YOU'RE
GOING TO HAVE FUN
WITH CHARLIE, TOO.
I TALKED TO HIM
LAST NIGHT,
AND HE COULDN'T WAIT
TO GET YOU BACK.
REALLY?
YES, REALLY.
CHARLIE LOVES YOU, OWE.
HE'S YOUR BIG BROTHER
AND HE CARES
ABOUT YOU A LOT.
SO DO YOU.
YEAH, YOU BET I DO,
BUT SO DOES CHARLIE.
AND NO BABY
IS EVER GOING TO
CHANGE THAT, RIGHT?
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
HELLO.
HEY, WE WERE JUST
TALKING ABOUT YOU.
LOOK, I KNOW I SHOULD
BE ON MY OVER,
BUT SOMETHING'S COME UP.
SOMETHING LIKE WHAT?
WHAT'S COME UP, CHARLIE?
WELL, DAPHNE'S SUPPOSED
TO BE BACK HERE BY NOW
TO TAKE DIANA
AND WATCH OWEN,
BUT SHE'S...
OUT SOMEWHERE.
OK, BUT WHERE ARE YOU
GOING WITH THIS?
BECAUSE I'VE GOT OWEN
STANDING RIGHT HERE
WAITING FOR YOU.
YEAH, WELL, I--I
NEED YOU TO KEEP HIM.
CHARLIE, DID YOU
HEAR ME JUST SAY
THAT HE'S STANDING RIGHT HERE,
DRESSED AND READY TO GO?
LOOK, I WOULDN'T ASK IT
IF I DIDN'T NEED IT,
BAY, ALL RIGHT?
BUT I'M JAMMED UP HERE
AND IF I MISS
ANOTHER DAY AT WORK--
LOOK, I NEED YOU
TO HELP ME, MAN,
ALL RIGHT?
SO I CAN KEEP THIS JOB
AND KEEP THIS END OF
THE FAMILY TOGETHER.
ALL RIGHT?
AND I TELL OWEN...
BAILEY.
ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT.
YOU KNOW--
WHAT?
YOU DON'T DO CHOPSTICKS
THAT WAY.
THE, UM,
THE TOP STICK MOVES
AND THE BOTTOM ONE
STAYS STILL.
I'M LIKE EDWARD
SCISSORHANDS HERE.
EVERYTHING ALWAYS
FALLS IN MY LAP.
MMM, PAPER ROLL.
DELICIOUS.
THANKS.
HENRY'S TAKING ME TO A
NICE SUSHI PLACE TONIGHT
AND I DO NOT WANT TO
EMBARRASS MYSELF AGAIN.
HENRY?HENRY YURIMOTO.
HE'S AN ENGINEERING
STUDENT. HE LIKES
TO STUDY STRESS,
LIKE WHAT HAPPENS
TO WALLS WHEN THEY
COLLAPSE IN EARTHQUAKES.
WOW.
SO...
YOU'RE, LIKE,
GOING OUT ON DATES?
MAGGIE, THAT'S GREAT.
I MEAN, I HAD NO IDEA.
WELL, IT WAS ONE OF THOSE
STEAL MY BOYFRIEND ONCE,
SHAME ON YOU.
STEAL MY BOYFRIEND TWICE,
SHAME ON ME KIND OF THINGS.
OK, I GET THAT.
BUT DON'T YOU THINK THAT,
UM, MAYBE IF THINGS
WORK OUT WITH HENRY
AND--AND YOU'RE HAPPY,
THAT YOU MIGHT
FORGIVE ME A LITTLE?
THAT WE MIGHT GET PAST THIS
AND TRY BEING FRIENDS?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE.
OK. THANKS.
OK.
JUST DON'T TELL NED.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
NED'S GOING TO BE
SO HAPPY FOR YOU.
MM-MMM.
OH, MAGGIE, COME ON.
I'M TELLING YOU
LEAVE HIM OUT OF IT.
THESE KIDS, THEY DON'T GET
MANY BREAKS, KIRSTEN,
SO YOU COULD HELP OUT
IN A BIG WAY.
WOULD YOU CONSIDER IT?
CONSIDER WHAT, EXACTLY?
THIS. CONSIDER THIS.
JUST GO SLOW, SWEETHEART.
THAT-A BOY.
PAUL, WAIT, NO.
NO, NO, DON'T DO THIS.
WHAT, DON'T DO WHAT?
I THINK THIS MAKES SENSE.
I THINK YOUR WORKING HERE
WITH KIDS--
DON'T DO--
DON'T GO WORRYING
ABOUT FILLING MY LIFE
WITH JOBS WITH KIDS.
I CAN WORRY
ABOUT MYSELF.
OK, BUT AT LEAST HAVE
A LOOK. PLEASE? PLEASE?
ALL RIGHT, JUST SEE
WHAT YOU THINK.
GOOD MORNING.
OH, GOOD MORNING,
DOCTOR.
OH, GREAT.
IS THIS ONE OF
OUR NEW VOLUNTEERS?
UH...WELL, ACTUALLY,
MRS. WILFORD,
WE WERE JUST...
HAVING A LOOK
AND THINKING.
WELL, DARLING,
WHILE YOU'RE THINKING,
WHY DON'T YOU
TAKE THIS RIBBON
AND A COUPLE OF
THESE FEATHERS HERE
AND GIVE THEM
TO MICHAEL.
HE'S SITTING OVER THERE.
KING OF MISCHIEF.
BRING ME THE NEXT
HUMAN SACRIFICE.
BE CAREFUL,
HE BITES.
GOOD LUCK.
[SIGHS]
DON'T WORRY.
I'LL JUST BITE BACK.
[SIGHS]
WHY CAN'T YOU 2 GUYS
JUST GO AND DO SOMETHING
THAT YOU KNOW
SOMETHING ABOUT?
YEAH, SURE.
HEY, OWE.
YOU WANT TO GO
TO A RESTAURANT
MANAGEMENT SEMINAR?
I WANT TO GO CAMPING.
I WANT TO SEE A BEAR.
I WANT TO GO FISHING.
HE WANTS TO GO CAMPING,
EVEN THOUGH IT'S WINTER
AND IT'S COLD,
LIKE IT'S GOING TO BE
WHEREVER WE GO CAMPING.
AND I KNOW FOR A FACT
THAT THE BEARS ARE GOING
TO BE HIBERNATING
AND THE FISH
ARE GOING TO BE...
FROZEN INTO FISH STICKS
IN FREEZERS
WHERE THEY BELONG.
LOOK, JUST BECAUSE
CHARLIE PROMISED OWEN
THAT HE WOULD TAKE HIM
CAMPING SOMETIME
DURING THE WINTER,
DOESN'T MEAN
THAT IT HAS TO BE
THIS WEEKEND, RIGHT?
Bailey:
NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO.
IF CHARLIE SALINGER
CAN GO CAMPING
THIS TIME OF YEAR,
THEN BAILEY SALINGER CAN.
ONLY WE'RE ROUGHING IT
LIKE REAL MEN.
NONE OF THIS, NONE OF THIS
SISSY CAMPING CRAPOLA.
WE'RE JUST TAKING
THESE SLEEPING BAGS...
WHICH ARE SUMMER WEIGHT.
OK, AND SOME BLANKETS.
AND SOME RAW MEAT.
AND MATCHES.
AND MAYBE A STEAK KNIFE
FOR CUTTING STUFF UP.
AND A TENT MAYBE.
OK, MR. SOFTIE, A TENT.
THAT'S IT, 'CAUSE
THE SALINGER BROTHERS
ARE GOING CAMPING.
YES!
A LITTLE GIRL, IS IT?
WAS SHE BAPTIZED HERE
AT ST. DANIELS?
UM...BAPTIZED?
NO. FATHER,
THE THING IS...
WELL, I HAVEN'T BEEN
IN CHURCH IN 15 YEARS.
BUT I CAME HERE BECAUSE
I HAVE A PROBLEM.
YOU HAVEN'T BEEN
TO MASS FOR 15 YEARS?
WELL, TALK ABOUT
A PROBLEM.
THAT IS A PROBLEM.
BUT THAT'S NOT
WHAT I CAME HERE TO--
I WAS HOPING THAT
YOU COULD HELP ME.
WELL, WHAT ABOUT
YOUR HUSBAND?
DOES HE COME HERE
TO MASS?
NO. I'M NOT MARRIED,
FATHER.
OK.
BUT I LIVE WITH THE FATHER.OH.
HE'S NOT REALLY
RELIGIOUS, EITHER.
WELL, THAT TELLS ME
YOU HAVE A GOOD DEAL
TO TALK ABOUT.
NOW, I WANT YOU
TO BRING HIM AROUND.
NO, THIS ISN'T--
IT'S NOT ABOUT HIM.
IT'S--IT'S ME.
I NEED HELP.
I ALMOST LEFT MY BABY
IN THE PARK IN A STROLLER,
AND I--I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
I WAS DOING IT OR--OR WHY.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
FATHER, I DON'T EVEN KNOW
IF I LOVE HER.
OH, NOW, NOW.
I CANNOT BELIEVE
YOU DON'T LOVE
YOUR OWN CHILD.
WELL, WHAT'S
HAPPENING THEN?
WHAT COULD MAKE ME WANT
TO TURN MY BACK ON MY BABY
AND WALK AWAY
AND KEEP ON WALKING?
I MEAN, COULD SOMEONE
JUST PLEASE SAY SOMETHING
THAT COULD SHED
A LITTLE LIGHT ON THAT?
PLEASE? 'CAUSE I'M SCARED.
LOOK, FATHER, I DIDN'T
EVEN WANT TO COME HERE TODAY
BECAUSE IT'S BEEN SO LONG,
BUT I JUST THOUGHT THAT--
I AM GLAD YOU CAME
TO ME. THE FIRST
THING I WANT TO DO
IS GET BOTH YOU AND
THE CHILD'S FATHER
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
BACK IN THE CHURCH.
I'LL BE RIGHT WITH YOU.
HELLO. FATHER CARROLL.
NO, NO, NOT ORCHIDS.
IT'S A WEDDING,
NOT A FUNERAL.
YEAH, I UNDERSTAND,
BUT LISTEN,
I CAN'T REALLY
TALK RIGHT NOW.
I'M RATHER TIED UP.
LOOK, I PROMISE I'LL
GET RIGHT BACK TO YOU.
PLEASE, JUST HANG ON
FOR A SECOND.
NOW, MISS, WE--
NO, NO, NO,
I AM NOT WRITING A PAPER
THAT SAYS IF JANE AUSTEN
WERE ALIVE TODAY,
SHE'D BE WRITING
FOR ALLY McBEAL.
HA HA. WHY NOT?
IT'S A VERY
DEFENDABLE THEORY.
WAIT, UH, DON'T, UM,
DON'T GO IN THERE.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE, UM, THERE'S
A MONKEY ON THE DOOR.
YEAH?
AND IT'S A SIGN.
IT MEANS STAY OUT.
[WHISPERING]
MAGGIE'S IN THERE
WITH HER BOYFRIEND.
HER BOYFRIEND?
WHAT, UH, HA HA.
WHEN DID SHE GET
A BOYFRIEND?
SHH!
YOU NEVER TOLD ME.
THEY CAN HEAR YOU.
IT JUST HAPPENED.
AND I SAID I WOULDN'T
INTERRUPT.
LET'S GO PARK IT
IN THE COMMON ROOM.
WHAT? WAIT.
WHAT IS IT? YOU'RE NOT
SUDDENLY ACTING WEIRD
BECAUSE OF THIS
MAGGIE THING, ARE YOU?
NO.
HUH. MAGGIE SAID YOU'D
BE WEIRD ABOUT THIS.
MAGGIE SAID THAT.
YOU ARE UPSET.
I'M NOT UPSET.
I JUST TOLD YOU
WHAT PART OF THAT
DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND?
NOTHING.
REPEAT AFTER ME.
NED IS NOT UPSET.
OK, THEN.
HI. YEAH, I HAVE
AN OLD SAVINGS BOND
THAT I WOULD LIKE
TO LEAVE TO AN INFANT.
WELL, CAN I CASH IT IN
AND LEAVE IT IN HER NAME?
AND HOW LONG WILL
THAT TAKE TO MATURE?
GREAT. AND SHE CAN
DO THAT HERSELF?
OK. I'LL BE THERE
BEFORE YOU CLOSE.
I'LL BE THERE
BEFORE THEN.
THANK YOU.
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I AM UPSET.
I WAS THINKING ABOUT IT
LAST NIGHT, AND I AM UPSET.
OBVIOUSLY, THIS HAS BEEN
GOING ON FOR A WHILE
CAUSE YOU DIDN'T
JUST SAY DATE.
YOU SAID BOYFRIEND.
SO, I GUESS WHAT AM I?
THE ONLY ONE NOT TO KNOW?
I'M NOT HIDING
ANYTHING FROM YOU.
I JUST FOUND OUT
ABOUT IT. OK?
AND MAGGIE CERTAINLY
DOESN'T WANT TO SHARE
THIS KIND OF THING
WITH EITHER ONE OF US.
ANYWAY, WHO CARES?
IS HE IN YOUR ROOM
ALL THE TIME?
NO.
SEE, I KNOW SHE'S
TALKING ABOUT ME.
TELLING HIM STUFF
ABOUT US.
NO ONE'S
SAYING ANYTHING.
I JUST DON'T LIKE IT.
I DON'T LIKE THE IDEA
OF THE 3 OF YOU
IN THAT ROOM
ALL THE TIME.
AND I'M THE ONLY ONE
NOT THERE. IT--
STUFF GETS SAID.
NED, IF ANYTHING,
HAVING A BOYFRIEND
IS MAKING HER
LESS ANGRY THAN
SHE USED TO BE.
WE MIGHT ACTUALLY
BECOME FRIENDS.
SEE, THAT'S EVEN WORSE.
I HATE THAT.
'CAUSE THEN IT'S REALLY
LIKE THE 3 OF YOU
ALL PALS AND EVERYTHING.
AND ME, I'M OFF ON MY OWN.
THEN SPEND MORE TIME
IN MY ROOM.
IT'LL BE THE 4 OF US.
I DON'T WANT TO DO THAT.
I DON'T WANT TO SHARE YOU
WITH ANYONE.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY THEN.
'CAUSE YOU'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO DEAL WITH IT.
MAGGIE HAS A BOYFRIEND,
AND UNLESS
YOU'RE JEALOUS--
COME ON.
THEN DEAL.
OUCH!
HE'S ALL YOURS.
THERE'S HIS, UH,
SHOES AND SOCKS.
DON'T BE EXPECTING A TIP
FROM THAT BATH.
WHAT'S IN THE BAG,
MISS K?
IT'S A SOCK-PUTTER-ONNER.
I AM GOING TO SHOW YOU
HOW TO PUT ON YOUR OWN SOCKS.
I'VE NEVER PUT ON
MY OWN SOCKS BEFORE,
MISS K.
USUALLY MY MOM OR
A NURSE HAS TO DO THAT.
I CAN'T REACH SO GOOD.
YOU SORT OF CATCH IT
OVER YOUR TOES,
AND THEN YOU PULL UP.
LET ME TRY THIS.
HA!
PERFECT.
HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE
TO STARVE?
YOU'RE NOT STARVING.
YES, I AM.
AND I'M COLD.
WELL, DO SOME
JUMPING JACKS.
HOW AM I GOING TO DO
JUMPING JACKS TONIGHT
IN MY SLEEPING BAG?
JUST DO THEM, OWE, OK.
I GOT TO GET
THIS SUPPER COOKED
BEFORE IT GETS
DARK OUT HERE.
OWEN!
UH-OH.
LOOK WHAT YOU DID.
YOU'RE NOT HELPING HERE.
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
OK, LOOK, DON'T PANIC.
COME HERE.
JUST BLOW THE DIRT
OFF OF THAT.
LET ME GET
THIS FIRE STARTED.
EXCUSE ME.
OH, HI.
HI. WE MADE
TOO MUCH FOOD OVER HERE,
AND WE WERE HOPING
MAYBE YOU GUYS
COULD HELP US EAT IT?
WHATCHA GOT?
OWEN,
THAT'S NOT POLITE.
NO, IT'S OK.
WE'RE HAVING SALISBURY STEAK,
POTATOES AU GRATIN,
GREEN BEANS,
AND CHOCOLATE CAKE
FOR DESSERT.
YOU SAID THAT YOU WOULD
BE HERE AND CLAUDIA
SO THAT IF I LOST
TRACK OF TIME--
LOSING TRACK OF TIME
FOR WHAT?
AGAIN, I WAKE UP
THIS MORNING,
AND YOU'VE ALREADY
LEFT THE HOUSE.
LISTEN, I'M NOT--
I'M FINE WITH
ANY TIME YOU NEED
TO RUN ERRANDS,
BUT IF IT'S GOING
TO MAKE ME LATE,
OR IF I HAVE TO TAKE
THE BABY TO SCHOOL
WITH ME--
YOU SAID THAT THE SCHOOL
WAS OK WITH THAT.
YOU SAID THAT YOU
WERE OK WITH THAT.
YOU JUST GOT TO LET
ME KNOW, DAPHNE, OK?
WHEN YOU'RE GOING
TO GO TO THE BANK
OR WHEREVER THE HELL
IT IS YOU GO.
THE BANK?
YEAH, THEY CALLED.
THEY NEEDED YOUR
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER
ON SOME SAVINGS BOND
PAPERWORK.
I CAN EXPLAIN THAT.
WELL, YOU LEFT IT BLANK.
THEY SAID THEY
NEEDED SOMEONE'S,
ANYONE'S NUMBER
WHO'S BUYING THE BONDS,
SO I GAVE THEM MINE.
THAT'S GOOD, CHARLIE.
THANKS.
YOU KNOW, IF IT'S
SUPPOSED TO BE A GIFT.
YOUR GIFT, IT MIGHT BE
NICE IF DIANA KNOWS
THAT HER FIRST
INVESTMENT WAS MADE
BY HER MOM, YOU KNOW.
WELL, MY NAME'S ON THERE
SOMEWHERE,I'M SURE.
AND THAT'S 20 YEARS
FROM NOW, CHARLIE.
YOU'RE AT THE BANK
PLANNING 20 YEARS
FROM NOW
AND YOU CAN'T SEEM TO
GIVE ME A DAY'S NOTICE
ABOUT TAKING CARE
OF DIANA.
I AM THINKING.
PLEASE BELIEVE ME WHEN
I SAY THAT I'M THINKING.
AND IT'S--IT'S
DIANA'S HAPPINESS
THAT I'M THINKING ABOUT.
MAYBE OUR TENT WON'T FIT
2 SLEEPING BAGS, BAILEY.
THEY'LL FIT EVEN IF
I HAVE TO FORCE THEM.
YOU KNOW, THOSE PEOPLE
REALLY HAD A NICE TENT.
MAYBE WE SHOULD WAIT
AND GO CAMPING
WHEN WE HAVE A TENT
AS NICE AS THEIRS.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
WE CAN'T WAIT
AND GO CAMPING.
WE ARE CAMPING.
THIS IS WHAT YOU
WANTED TO DO, OWEN.
BUT THERE'S NOTHING
TO DO HERE.
WE CAN'T FISH.
WE FORGOT OUR HIKING BOOTS.
OK, LOOK.
YOU GOT ME OUT HERE,
AND WE'RE GOING
TO BE OUT HERE
LIKE YOU WANTED US
TO BE, OK?
I'M NOT GETTING IN
THE CAR AND DRIVING
US HOME TONIGHT,
SO JUST
GET USED TO IT.
CAMPING IS WHAT
YOU WANTED TO DO,
OWEN, SO--
I THOUGHT WHEN
WE SAID CAMPING--
NO, THIS IS CAMPING.
THIS IS CAMPING.
NOW CLIMB INTO
YOUR SLEEPING BAG
AND GO TO SLEEP.
YOU'RE MEAN, BAILEY.
Julia: WHAT ARE WE
DOING HERE?
I KNOW IT'S
NOT PERFECT YET.
IT'S KIND OF IN ITS
PRE-LOVE SHACK STATE,
BUT I'VE GOT AN OLD
ORIENTAL RUG IN STORAGE
AND A LINE ON
A DOUBLE BED.
WAIT,
IS THIS FOR YOU?
IT'S FOR YOU.
FOR US.
HA HA.
BUT I DON'T NEED
A NEW ROOM.
YES, YOU DO.
WE NEED YOU TO HAVE
YOUR OWN ROOM.
ONE WITH
SOME PRIVACY.
WAIT A SECOND.
YOU CAN'T BE--
ARE YOU STILL
STUCK ON THIS WHOLE
MAGGIE'S BOYFRIEND THING?
NO.
YES, YOU ARE.
YOU'RE OBSESSED WITH
KEEPING ME AWAY FROM THEM.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
NED, THIS IS GETTING
A LITTLE WEIRD.
WHY? NO, IT'S NOT.
AND THAT IS NOT
A VERY NICE THING TO SAY.
NED--YOU CANNOT TELL ME YOU PREFER
TO SHARE YOUR ROOM
WITH ANOTHER COUPLE.
YOU'D RATHER WORRY
ABOUT MONKEYS ON DOORKNOBS
AND WHO GETS DIBS
ON SATURDAY NIGHT
THAN HAVE A PLACE
WHERE WE CAN BE ALONE
WHENEVER WE WANT.
AM I WRONG HERE?
AM I CRAZY?
OK, SO WHY DON'T YOU
GET A SINGLE?
BECAUSE I CAN'T.
THE WAITING LIST FOR
A GUY TO GET A SINGLE
IS, LIKE, WAY INTO
THE NEXT MILLENNIUM.
I MEAN, EVEN
GETTING THIS PLACE
WAS NO PIECE OF CAKE.
BUT I--I LIKE MY ROOM.
AND I LIKE MY ROOMMATE.
I JUST THINK THAT
MAYBE WE SHOULD HAVE
DISCUSSED THIS FIRST.
SINCE WHEN DO YOU DISCUSS
A GIFT WITH SOMEONE?
OK, I'LL THINK ABOUT IT.
FINE.
AS LONG AS YOU CALL
THE BUILDING MANAGER
OR I LOSE MY DEPOSIT, OK?
TELL ME YOU'LL
CALL HIM, PLEASE?
OK.
HERE WE GO.
WE'LL GET THIS OFF.
ALL RIGHT.
CLAUD, CAN YOU GRAB ME
SOME MORE DIAPERS?
THERE'S EXTRAS IN
THE BOTTOM DRAWERS
IN THE BATHROOM.
THAT'S NOT WHERE DAPHNE
PUT THESE THE OTHER DAY.
ALONG WITH THE OTHER
50 MILLION.
50 MILLION WHAT?
WHY WOULD SHE BE
BUYING ALL THIS STUFF
AND JUST--
WHAT IS SHE DOING?
[GRUNTS]
HEY, GUYS.
THAT LIGHT RAIN
YOU PREDICTED
LAST NIGHT
HALF BLEW DOWN
THE TENT.
BARELY GOT IT
BACK UP BEFORE
THE MONSOON STRUCK.
WELL, WE DIDN'T SLEEP
SO GREAT, EITHER.
WHAT, THE CENTRAL HEAT
IN YOUR TENT GO OUT?
OH, THAT'S FUNNY.
ACTUALLY, KAREN WAS
PRETTY MUCH AWAKE
ALL NIGHT.
SHE GETS NIGHTMARES.
DOES OWEN GET NIGHTMARES?
HE DOESN'T NEED THEM.
CAMPING WITH ME HAS BEEN
ENOUGH OF A NIGHTMARE.
YOU KNOW, I SEE YOU
TRYING REAL HARD.
I MEAN,
I KNOW IT'S NOT EASY.
KIDS ARE A LOT
TO DEAL WITH
BECAUSE THEY'VE GOT
A LOT TO DEAL WITH.
OWEN SURE HAS
HE'S GOT A SITUATION
BACK HOME
WHERE HE LIVES
WITH OUR BROTHER--
LET'S JUST SAY,
YEAH, HE HAS
A LOT TO DEAL WITH.
KAREN, TOO?
SHE DOESN'T
SEEM LIKE--
YEAH. HA HA.
SHE GETS NIGHTMARES.
I WAS AFRAID
YOU HEARD THEM.
NO. I WAS AFRAID YOU
WERE GOING TO HEAR US.
ME AND OWEN,
SLOSHING AROUND,
FIGHTING WITH
EACH OTHER.
[SIGHS] HE HATES ME
RIGHT NOW.
NOTHING I DID
WAS RIGHT.
BEEN THERE.
AM THERE.
HE'S COLD AND BORED
AND MISERABLE.
AND HE'S REALLY
WORKING ME OVER
ABOUT THE 5 STICKS
OF GUM WE HAD
FOR BREAKFAST.
LOOK, WHY DON'T KAREN AND I
MAKE ROOM IN OUR TENT
FOR YOU GUYS?
SERIOUSLY, IT'LL BE COZY,
BUT AT LEAST HE'LL BE
WARM AND DRY.
COME ON,
WE'LL MAKE HOT DOGS.
GO LOOK AT STARS LATER.
YOU MEAN TONIGHT?
TONIGHT.
NO.
COME ON.NO.
I GOT TO GET HIM HOME.
GET HIM DRIED OUT
AND HOPE
THAT SNEEZE HE HAS
DOESN'T TURN INTO
FULL-BLOWN PNEUMONIA.
YOU KNOW, YOU COULD
PACK UP AND GO HOME,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T THINK HE WANTS YOU
TO GIVE UP LIKE THAT,
EVEN IF HE'S
ASKING YOU TO.
I THINK HE WANTS YOU
TO MAKE IT GREAT.
I THOUGHT WE WERE
WORKING STUFF OUT.
WE WERE.
WE ARE. I JUST THOUGHT
WITH YOU AND HENRY
AND ME AND NED,
A LITTLE PRIVACY
MIGHT BE A GOOD THING.
DID NED ASK YOU
TO DO THIS?
NO. NO.
WE BOTH DECIDED
IT WOULD BE LESS
AWKWARD THIS WAY.
I GUESS.
IT JUST SEEMS WEIRD.
I MEAN, YOUR NEW PLACE
IS KIND OF FAR AWAY AND...
YOU HAVE ALL THESE
FRIENDS HERE.
AND...I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN, HALF OF OUR LIFE
IS IN THIS DORM.
I KNOW. SO I'M GIVING
SOME STUFF UP.
I REALIZE THAT.
NO KIDDING.
PLUS I WAS KIND OF
LOOKING FORWARD
TO US GETTING BACK
TO BEING FRIENDS.
WE WILL BE FRIENDS.
COME ON.
I KNOW THIS IS A NONE OF
MY BUSINESS KIND OF THING,
BUT MOVING INTO A SINGLE
WITH YOUR BOYFRIEND?
WHAT HAPPENED TO COLLEGE?
THAT SOUNDS LIKE
BEING MARRIED,
AND YOU DID THAT
LAST YEAR.
YOU'VE BEEN AN ANGEL
WITH MIKE.
I COULD SLEEP BETTER
KNOWING SOMEBODY
LIKE YOU WAS HERE.
OH, I--
HE'S A WONDERFUL BOY.
LET'S GO HOME.
WHERE'S MY WOMAN NOW?
THERE YOU ARE.
[SIGHS]
ARE YOU GOING TO BEHAVE?
DO YOUR EXERCISES AND--
BYE.
♪ I'M GOING HOME ♪
SEE YOU LATER, CHUMP.
GOES WITH THE JOB,
I GUESS.
I MUST BE LOOKING AT
A PLANE OR SOMETHING
'CAUSE THERE'S WAY
TOO MUCH COLOR GOING ON
FOR THAT TO BE A PLANET.
YOU SEE IT?
THAT'S SATURN, DUMMY?
TERESA'S GOT IT
ALL SET UP
SO YOU CAN
SEE THE RINGS.
WOW, THIS IS COOL.
DID YOU EVEN KNOW STUFF
LIKE THAT WAS UP THERE?
Karen: I KNEW.
Bailey: I'M SORRY.
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS
WERE ASLEEP.
NOPE.
NOT YET.
SORRY. WE'LL KEEP IT
DOWN OVER HERE.
SHH.
BAILEY, DO YOU THINK
THERE'S MORE COOL
STUFF LIKE SATURN,
THAT WE COULD SEE?
WELL, YEAH, THERE'S
ALL THE OTHER PLANETS.
THERE'S MARS AND PLUTO...
AND GOOFY.
[BOTH LAUGH]
IT'S NOT A PLANET.
GOOFY'S A DOG.
I'M TEASING YOU, PAL.
I KNOW.
BAILEY...
MM-HMM.
WHEN YOU FIND OUT
ABOUT COOL STUFF,
WILL YOU LET ME KNOW
SO WE CAN SEE IT
TOGETHER?
IT DOESN'T HAVE TO BE
JUST PLANETS.
I'M MAKING A LIST ALREADY.
CHECK IT OUT.
WHOA!
SOMEDAY YOU'LL GO
TO NEW YORK...
AND PARIS.
NOT THAT I'VE EVER
BEEN TO EITHER,
BUT YOU WILL.
AND THERE'LL BE
ALL THESE FRENCH GUYS.
BUT YOU'LL KNOW HOW TO
TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF.
I'M NOT WORRIED
ABOUT YOU AT ALL.
AND THEN COLLEGE
IS A BIG THING.
YOU'RE GONNA BE COLLEGE
MATERIAL, DEFINITELY.
AND YOU'LL WEAR ONE OF
THOSE BUSINESS SUITS,
AND YOU'LL CARRY
ONE OF THOSE, LIKE,
POCKETBOOK
BRIEFCASE THINGS
THAT COST,
LIKE, 1,000 BUCKS.
HEY, YOU'LL BE LIKE
A LAWYER OR SOMETHING.
YEAH.
AND CHARLIE
WILL BE SO PROUD.
POOR CHARLIE.
HEY.
OH, HEY.
POOR CHARLIE?
I WAS JUST
TALKING TO HER.
WELL, WHY DON'T YOU
PUT HER DOWN AND
LET HER GET SOME SLEEP?
GET SOME SLEEP
FOR YOURSELF.
IT'S OK.
I'M NOT FINISHED
TELLING HER ABOUT...
BOYS...
AND THE BACK SEATS
OF CARS,
AND TO STAY AWAY
FROM PEOPLE WHO STARE.
LIKE THAT.
AND I LIKE WATCHING HER.
OK.
GOOD NIGHT.
SHE WAS SAYING
GOOD-BYE.
TO DIANA?
YEAH.
AND ME.
SHE'S LEAVING US.
ARE YOU SURE?
HOW CAN YOU--
I'M SURE, OK?
I'VE BEEN REPLAYING
EVERYTHING.
I MEAN, THE SAVINGS BOND,
THE WAY SHE BOUGHT
ALL THAT STUFF LIKE
SHE WAS STOCKPILING FOR...
FOR FOREVER.
DID YOU SAY ANYTHING?
LIKE WHAT?
LIKE, "I KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING,
DAPHNE"?
"AND I WANT YOU TO STAY."
YEAH, LIKE THAT.
I DIDN'T...
I COULDN'T. I'M...
I'M NOT SURE THAT
THAT'S WHAT I WANT.
I MEAN, IF STAYING
WERE WHAT SHE WANTED,
BUT IT'S NOT.
IT ISN'T. I CAN SEE IT.
AND I'M JUST...
I'M TIRED, KIRSTEN.
I'M TRYING TO MAKE HER
ACT LIKE A MOTHER FOR DIANA
WHEN SHE DOESN'T FEEL IT.
OF BEING AFTER HER
TO WANT SOMETHING
THAT SHE DOESN'T WANT.
I'M JUST...TIRED.
ARE YOU GONNA
LET HER GO?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHERE ARE ALL THE BOXES
AND EVERYTHING?
I THOUGHT YOU WOULD'VE
BEEN DONE BY NOW.
THAT'S WHAT I WANT
TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT.
WE CAN TALK AND PACK
AT THE SAME TIME.
SO COME ON.
HELP ME OUT.
NED.
NED, LISTEN, UM...
MAGGIE AND I HAD
A REALLY GOOD TALK,
AND I'VE DECIDED
I DON'T WANNA MOVE.
WE'RE GONNA FIGURE OUT
HOW TO DEAL WITH 2 BOYFRIENDS
IN ONE ROOM.
I'M MAKING FRIENDS HERE.
AND MOVING IS
SUCH A NIGHTMARE.
WE'VE ALREADY
DECIDED THIS, JULIA.
I PUT A DEPOSIT DOWN.
NONREFUNDABLE,
AT THIS POINT.
I MEAN, NOW WE'LL BE
ABLE TO BE TOGETHER.
ALONE. YOU AND ME.
SO GRAB A BOX.
DO YOUR DESK.
YOU'RE NOT LISTENING.
WOULD YOU STOP BULLYING
AND LISTEN TO ME?
NOW, I KNOW
YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT,
I DON'T KNOW,
BEING THE ODD MAN OUT
OR WHATEVER,
BUT MAGGIE IS BEING
REALLY GOOD ABOUT THIS--
I THINK I KNOW MAGGIE
A LITTLE BETTER
THAN YOU.
AND WE'RE
UNDER A DEADLINE HERE,
SO IF YOU DON'T MIND,
HOW ABOUT PITCHING IN
AND HELPING OUT?
NO, NED.
NO, I DO MIND.
THIS IS MY ROOM,
AND IT'S STILL MY LIFE,
AND I'M NOT HAVING ANYONE
TELL ME WHAT I HAVE TO DO!
NO, THIS WAS YOUR ROOM,
AND IT'S OUR LIVES,
AND I'M SAYING
PACK YOUR STUFF NOW!
NO.
HEY, WOULD YOU JUST...
CUT IT OUT?!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
GIVE ME THAT!
NED, WOULD YOU PLEASE--
JULIA!
SO AFTER MY GIRLFRIEND
SET ME UP WITH THIS GUY,
SHE TOLD ME WHAT HE
LOVED SO MUCH ABOUT
HIS OLD GIRLFRIEND
WERE HER ANKLES.
AND I WAS LIKE...
MY ANKLES
ARE MY MOTHER'S ANKLES.
NOT SOMETHING YOU
PUT LITTLE CHAINS
OF HEARTS AROUND,
YOU KNOW
WHAT I'M SAYIN'?
CAN I BORROW
A LITTLE POWDER?
SURE.
BUT I WAS THINKING,
THERE WAS THIS GUY
ONE TIME,
AND HE WAS, LIKE,
"HEY, YOU COULD
SWEEP THE FLOOR
WITH THOSE EYELASHES."
SO I FIGURE I'M JUST HAVING
TO WORK WITH WHAT GOD
AND MAYBELLINE GIVE ME.
THANK YOU.
HEY, YOU KEEP IT.
YOU LOOK LIKE
YOU COULD USE IT.
I MEAN, IT'S NOT CHANEL
OR ANYTHING.
WELL, HERE WE GO.
WISH ME LUCK.
AH-CHOO!
HERE.
NOW, LISTEN, WHEN
CHARLIE ASKS YOU WHERE
YOU GOT THAT COLD...
I TELL HIM IT'S
'CAUSE THE FIRST NIGHT
WE SLEPT IN THE RAIN.
RIGHT.
AND...
MAYBE WE DON'T EVEN
TELL HIM ABOUT
THE SECOND NIGHT.
OH, YOU MEAN NOT SAY
THAT WE HAD TO SLEEP
WITH THOSE WOMEN?
WE DIDN'T SLEEP
WITH THOSE WOMEN.
NOT IN...IN THE...
SLEEPING WITH WAY.
I WAS SLEEPING.
YOU WERE SNORING.
OK.
WHAT I MEAN IS...
USUALLY WHEN
ADULTS SAY THAT
THEY SLEPT TOGETHER,
THEY MEAN
SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
LIKE KISSING?
KISSING'S
A BIG PART OF IT.
I UNDERSTAND
WHAT YOU'RE GETTING AT,
BAILEY.
YOU COULD CALL MICHAEL
IF YOU WANT TO.
NO. DIDN'T THINK
YOU'D WANT TO.
HE'S WITH HIS FAMILY,
AND THAT'S GREAT.
IT'S...
WE'RE A FAMILY,
YOU AND ME.
WE ARE.
BUT IT DOESN'T
FEEL LIKE IT.
PAUL, WHAT ARE YOU--
JUST LET ME SAY THIS.
WE DON'T FEEL
LIKE A FAMILY
TO YOU BECAUSE--
KIRSTEN,
SAY WHAT YOU WANNA SAY--
A FAMILY TO YOU
HAS KIDS IN IT.
AND IT DOESN'T FEEL
LIKE A FAMILY TO ME
BECAUSE...
YOU'RE NOT HAPPY.
AND I WANT YOU HAPPY.
IF I'M NOT HAPPY,
IT'S NOT BECAUSE
I DON'T LOVE YOU.
NO, I DIDN'T SAY IT WAS.
THAT'S MY POINT.
WHATEVER I SAID
IN THE PAST,
WHATEVER WE'VE SAID,
I NEED TO GIVE YOU
A BABY.
WE NEED
TO ADOPT A CHILD.
KIRSTEN?
NO. I...
I HEARD YOU.
IT'S JUST...
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS,
PAUL?
OPENING A DOOR
THAT WE SHUT.
WE TALKED IT,
AND WE SHUT IT FOR GOOD.
AND NOW...
STOP DOING THIS TO ME!
THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU WANT,
SO STOP DOING IT!
BUT I DON'T KNOW
HOW NOT TO DO IT
'CAUSE I'VE REALIZED
HOW UNHAPPY YOU WOULD BE
WITHOUT KIDS...
JUST AS I'VE REALIZED
HOW UNHAPPY I WOULD BE
WITHOUT YOU.
ANY PLACE IN PARTICULAR
YOU WANT ME TO PUT THESE?
UM...IN MY DRAWER,
I GUESS.
WHAT?
UHH...
LOOKS LIKE MY SWEATSHIRT
GOT IN THE WASH AGAIN.
IT NEVER CEASES
TO AMAZE ME
HOW MUCH LAUNDRY
THERE IS HERE.
AND IT'S NOT JUST BECAUSE
OF THE BABY, EITHER.
I KNOW YOU'RE LEAVING,
DAPHNE.
CHARLIE...
I KNOW IT.
I'VE BEEN WONDERING
FOR A WHILE, BUT...
BUT NOW I JUST...
I KNOW IT.
AND, UH....
IF IT'S WHAT
YOU WANT, DAPH--
NO. JUST LET ME
SAY THIS.
ALL I WANT TO KNOW IS...
IS WHEN...
SO I CAN START TO
FIGURE OUT OUR LIFE
WITHOUT YOU.
MINE AND DIANA'S.
PLEASE BELIEVE ME.
I WASN'T...
HIDING ANYTHING
FROM YOU, CHARLIE.
THAT'S HOW IT FELT.
I WAS, I WAS...
WAITING FOR
THE RIGHT TIME TO LEAVE.
NOT THAT THERE IS EVER
A RIGHT TIME,
BUT IS IT BEFORE HER EYES
CAN FOCUS ON ME,
BEFORE SHE CAN
CALL ME MAMA?
I DON'T KNOW.
ALL I KNOW IS THAT...
THE OTHER DAY,
WE WERE IN THE PARK,
AND SHE STARTED TO CRY.
AND I WALKED AWAY
FROM HER.
NO, LISTEN TO ME.
I WALKED AWAY
BECAUSE AT THAT MOMENT,
IN MY MIND,
DIANA DIDN'T EVEN EXIST.
AND I'M AFRAID...
THAT...
I'M ALWAYS GONNA BE
THE KIND OF MOM
WHO CAN AND WILL
WALK AWAY.
AND THAT IS NOT,
THAT'S NOT THE KIND MOM
THAT DIANA NEEDS.
DIANA OR YOU.
SO THE QUESTION IS NOT
WHEN WILL I LEAVE.
THE TRUTH IS...
I'VE ALREADY LEFT.
DAPH...
JUST DO ONE THING FOR ME
AFTER I GO...
DON'T LET HER HATE ME.
COME ON, JULIA.
WHAT THE HELL.
HEY, IT'S ME.
I, UH...
WHERE ARE YOU?
I'M LOOKING ALL OVER,
AND...
LISTEN, I JUST, UH...
I WANNA TALK ABOUT
THIS MOVING THING.
SO CALL ME
WHEN YOU GET THIS.
NEXT TIME WE'RE GONNA GO
WITH THE RIGHT GEAR.
TARP, BOOTS, STOVE,
AND A NEW TENT
'CAUSE WE BASICALLY
WRECKED OWEN'S.
AND A TELESCOPE.
HE KEEPS TALKING ABOUT
WANTING TO LOOK UP
AT THE STARS.
A REALLY BIG TENT
'CAUSE NEXT TIME
YOU'RE COMING WITH US.
WHEN WE WERE
SETTING UP THE TENT,
HE KEPT BANGING ME
IN THE HEAD WITH THE POLES.
THEN WE BASICALLY
SLEPT OUT IN THE COLD
ALL NIGHT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
OWEN IS THE HAPPIEST
I'VE EVER SEEN HIM.
I MEAN, IT'S LIKE,
"BAILEY THIS"
AND "BAILEY THAT".
SO WHATEVER YOU THINK
YOU DID WRONG...
SEE, THAT'S JUST IT.
I LOVED IT, TOO.
I REALLY DID.
AND YOU KNOW THAT I DIDN'T
EVEN WANT TO GO OUT THERE,
AND WE GOT THERE,
AND EVERY WAS GOING WRONG,
AND...
I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW WHEN THINGS
CHANGED AROUND, BUT...
NOTHING EVER FELT
BETTER THAN THAT.
NOTHING COULD.
JULIA?
WHAT TIME IS IT?
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
LATE.
SORRY.
IT'S OK.
I SAW YOUR SUITCASE
AND BOXES AND STUFF.
I DIDN'T KNOW IF YOU WERE
COMING BACK HERE TONIGHT.
YEAH.
OH, NED LEFT
A COUPLE MESSAGES.
HE WAS LOOKING FOR YOU.
DID YOU FIND HIM?
MM-MM. NO.
YOU OK?
YOU SOUND WEIRD.
I'M FINE.
WELL, I'M KINDA UP NOW.
YOU WANT ME TO
TURN ON THE LIGHT
AND WE COULD TALK?
NO. IT'S OK.
GO BACK TO SLEEP.
I'M A LITTLE TIRED.
OK.
GOOD NIGHT, JULE.
GOOD NIGHT, MAGGIE.
[CAR APPROACHES,
HORN HONKS]
Man: SOMEBODY CALL A CAB
TO THIS ADDRESS?
Daphne: YEAH. CAN YOU
HELP ME WITH THIS?
JUST THE ONE BAG?
I CAN CARRY
THE BACKPACK.